usage/kraft_advanced: Add kraft advanced docs (#45)
unikraft/docs: content/en/docs/usage/kraft_advanced.md

  file.  Alternatively, you can use the -k|--menuconfig flag to open the TUI
  to manually select the configuration for this unikernel.

  When the unikernel is configured, a .config file is written to the working
  directory with the selected KConfig options.

Options:
  -p, --plat PLAT         Target platform.
  -t, --target TARGET     Target name.
  -m, --arch ARCH         Target architecture.
  -F, --force             Force writing new configuration.
  -k, --menuconfig        Use Unikraft's ncurses Kconfig editor.
  -w, --workdir PATH      Specify an alternative directory for the application
			  [default is cwd].
  -y, --yes KOPTION       Specify an option to enable.
  -n, --no KOPTION        Specify an option to disable.
  -s, --set KOPTION       Set an option's value.
  -u, --use-version COMP  Use the specified version for the component, e.g.
			  -u unikraft@staging (will override kraft.yaml).
  -h, --help              Show this message and exit.
```

## `kraft build`

You can use `kraft build` to build your application.
You can use the `--fetch / --no-fetch` and `--prepare / --no-prepare` flags to run the fetch and prepare steps before building.

> You can use `-j, --fast` to use all CPU cores for building the app.

Reviewer: Are you sure about this? Wouldn't it just pass `-j` to `make`? And that's a bit different:

```
If the -j option is given without  an argument, make will not limit the number of jobs that can run simultaneously.
```

This is why I use `-j $(nproc)`.

Author: You're right, it will [just pass the `-j` flag](https://github.com/unikraft/kraft/blob/staging/kraft/app/app.py#L223), updated.

If you want to force the overwrite of the existing build, use `-F, --force`.

```
$ kraft build --no-fetch --no-prepare -F -j
CC      libukdebug: hexdump.o
LD      libukdebug.ld.o
OBJCOPY libukdebug.o
[...]
Successfully built unikernels:

  => build/hello_kvm-x86_64
  => build/hello_kvm-x86_64.dbg (with symbols)

To instantiate, use: kraft run
```

### Overview of `kraft build` command

> 

Reviewer: Add some text here, saying something like "You can get a full list of features by running `kraft build` with no arguments:"

```text
Usage: kraft build [OPTIONS] [TARGET]

  Builds the Unikraft application for the target architecture and platform.

Options:
  -v, --verbose               Verbose build
  --fetch / --no-fetch        Run fetch step before build.
  --prepare / --no-prepare    Run prepare step before build.
  --progress / --no-progress  Show progress of build.
  -j, --fast                  Use all CPU cores to build the application.
  -F, --force                 Force the build of the unikernel.
  -h, --help                  Show this message and exit.

```

## `kraft run`

You can run your application using `kraft run`.
You can specify the target architecture and platform using `-m, --arch` and `-p, --plat`.

```
$ kraft run -m x86_64 -p kvm
```

> ### Attach a file system to the application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Attach a Filesystem to the Application
```

#### Use an InitRD filesystem

> You can add an InitRD filesystem to the application, by using the `-i, --initrd` flags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add an initrd (_initial ramdisk_) filesystem to the application, by using the `-i, --initrd` flags.
```

```
$ kraft run -m x86_64 -p kvm -i archive.cpio
```

> #### Use a `9pfs` filesystem

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Use a `9pfs` Filesystem
```

You can also attach a `9pfs` filesystem to your application.
In order to do that, you need to make sure you have set the following options in the application configuration:

```text
- CONFIG_LIBVFSCORE_ROOTFS_9PFS=y
- CONFIG_LIBVFSCORE_ROOTDEV="fs0"
```

You can check the `kraft.yaml` file from the [Python 3 app](https://github.com/unikraft/app-python3/blob/staging/kraft.yaml#L5) to get a better idea of the required configuration.
By default, the `kraft` application uses the name `fs0` for the device to mount the filesystem from.
To use your application with `kraft`, you must name the shared filesystem "fs0".

```
$ mkdir fs0
$ echo 'Hello world!' > fs0/file.txt
$ kraft run
[...]

SeaBIOS (version 1.13.0-1ubuntu1.1)
Booting from ROM...
Powered by
o.   .o       _ _               __ _
Oo   Oo  ___ (_) | __ __  __ _ ' _) :_
oO   oO ' _ `| | |/ /  _)' _` | |_|  _)
oOo oOO| | | | |   (| | | (_) |  _) :_
 OoOoO ._, ._:_:_,\_._,  .__,_:_, \___)
                     Mimas 0.7.0~1939bce
Hello world!
```

> ### Use `kraft run` to debug you application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Use `kraft run` to Debug Your Application
```

If you want to debug the application, you can launch it in a paused state by using the `-P, --paused` flags.
You can run a GDB server for the guest on a specific port using the `-g, --gdb PORT` flags.

```
$ kraft run -P -g 1234
```

To connect the GDB to the created server, you can run

```
$ gdb --eval-command="target remote :1234" build/application-image.dbg
[...]
Reading symbols from build/application-image.dbg
Remote debugging using :1234
```

You can set the debug information level from the `Build options --> Debug information level` screen in `kraft menuconfig`.
For more informations about debugging with Unikraft, please check the [debugging section](docs/develop/debugging).

### Overview of `kraft run` command

> 

Reviewer: Add some text here, saying something like "You can get a full list of features by running `kraft run` with no arguments:"

  -B, --background           Run in background.
  -P, --paused               Run the application in paused state.
  -g, --gdb PORT             Run a GDB server for the guest at PORT.
  -d, --dbg                  Use unstriped unikernel
  -n, --virtio-nic NAME      Attach a NAT-ed virtio-NIC to the guest.
  -b, --bridge NAME          Attach a NAT-ed virtio-NIC an existing bridge.
  -V, --interface NAME       Assign host device interface directly as virtio-
			     NIC to the guest.
  -D, --dry-run              Perform a dry run.
  -M, --memory INTEGER       Assign MB memory to the guest.
  -s, --cpu-sockets INTEGER  Number of guest CPU sockets.
  -c, --cpu-cores INTEGER    Number of guest cores per socket.
  -w, --workdir PATH         Specify an alternative directory for the library
			     (default is cwd).
  -h, --help                 Show this message and exit.
```

## `kraft clean`

You can use `kraft clean` to clean the build artifacts of your application.
You can remove the entire build directory by using the `-p, --proper` flags.
You can also remove the configuration files by using the `-d, --dist` flags.

### Overview of `kraft clean` command

> 

Reviewer: Add some text here, saying something like "You can get a full list of features by running `kraft clean` with no arguments:"

			      application
  -p, --proper                Delete the build directory.
  -d, --dist                  Delete the build directory and configuration
			      files.
  --progress / --no-progress  Show progress of build.
  -h, --help                  Show this message and exit.
```

## `kraft lib`

If you are maintaining and working directly with Unikraft libraries, you can use `kraft lib`.

### `kraft lib init`

You can initialize a new Unikraft library by using `kraft lib init`.
You can add the author and version information using `-a, --author-name`, `-e, --author-email` and `-v, --version`.
When you run the command, you will be able to interactively set all the options for the new library.

```
$ kraft lib init your-lib
source (Use $VERSION for automatic versioning):
project_name [your-lib]:
lib_name [lib-your-lib]:
lib_kname [YOURLIB]:
version: your-first-version
description []:
author_name [Your name]:
author_email [Your email]:
provide_main [False]:
with_gitignore [True]:
with_docs [True]:
with_patchedir [False]:
initial_branch [staging]:
copyright_holder []:
[INFO    ] Generating files...
[INFO    ] Generated new library: /home/stefan/projects/unikraft/lib-name
```

> #### Overview of `kraft lib init` command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Overview of the `kraft lib init` Command
```

Options:
  -a, --author-name NAME       The author's name for library.
  -e, --author-email EMAIL     The author's email for library.
  -v, --version VERSION        Set the known version of the library.
  -s, --origin TEXT            Source code origin URL.  Use $VERSION in the
			       URL for automatic versioning.
  -m, --with-main              Provide a main function override.
  -w, --workdir PATH           Specify an alternative directory for the
			       library (default is cwd).
  -F, --force                  Overwrite any existing files.
  -q, --no-prompt              Do not prompt for additional data.
  -S, --soft-pack              Softly pack the component so that it is
			       available via kraft list.
  -b, --initial-branch BRANCH  The initial Git branch of the new library.
  -h, --help                   Show this message and exit.

 ```

### `kraft lib add` and `kraft lib remove`

You can add and remove libraries from your project by using `kraft list add` and `kraft list remove`.

```
$ kraft list add pthread-embedded
[INFO    ] Adding lib/pthread-embedded@0.7.0...

$ kraft list remove pthread-embedded
[INFO    ] Removing lib/pthread-embedded...
```

> #### Overview of `kraft lib add` and `kraft lib remove` commands

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Overview of the `kraft lib add` and `kraft lib remove` Commands
```

> 

Reviewer: Add some text here, saying something like "You can get a full list of features by running `kraft lib add` or `kraft lib remove` with no arguments:"

PLATFORMS       VERSION         RELEASED        LAST CHECKED
aws             0.7.0           09 Feb 22       02 Mar 22
digitalocean    0.7.0           04 Feb 22       02 Mar 22
solo5           0.7.0           04 Feb 22       02 Mar 22
gcp             0.7.0           04 Feb 22       02 Mar 22

$ kraft list -l # List supported libraries
LIBRARIES       VERSION         RELEASED        LAST CHECKED
compiler-rt     0.7.0           04 Feb 22       02 Mar 22
newlib          0.7.0           7 days ago      02 Mar 22
googletest      0.7.0           04 Feb 22       02 Mar 22
[...]

$ kraft list -a # List supported applications
APPLICATIONS    VERSION         RELEASED        LAST CHECKED
helloworld      0.7.0           04 Feb 22       02 Mar 22
httpreply       0.7.0           04 Feb 22       02 Mar 22
python3         0.7.0           04 Feb 22       02 Mar 22
[...]
```

### `kraft list pull`

You can pull a component on your disk by using `kraft list pull`:

```console
$ kraft list pull redis
 100.00% :::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: |       19 /       19 |:  app/redis@0.7
 100.00% :::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: |       43 /       43 |:  lib/redis@0.7
```

> You can also specify the wanted version:

Author: I don't think you can do that (at least I did not find/use anything related to that).

  -i, --initrd TEXT          Provide an init ramdisk.
  -B, --background           Run in background.
  -P, --paused               Run the application in paused state.
  -g, --gdb INTEGER          Run a GDB server for the guest on specified port.
  -d, --dbg                  Use unstriped unikernel
  -n, --virtio-nic TEXT      Attach a NAT-ed virtio-NIC to the guest.
  -b, --bridge TEXT          Attach a NAT-ed virtio-NIC an existing bridge.
  -V, --interface TEXT       Assign host device interface directly as virtio-
			     NIC to the guest.
  -D, --dry-run              Perform a dry run.
  -M, --memory INTEGER       Assign MB memory to the guest.
  -s, --cpu-sockets INTEGER  Number of guest CPU sockets.
  -c, --cpu-cores INTEGER    Number of guest cores per socket.
  -F, --force                Overwrite any existing files in current working
			     directory.
  -j, --fast                 Use all CPU cores to build the application.
  -M, --with-makefile        Create a Unikraft compatible Makefile.
  -h, --help                 Show this message and exit.
```

## `kraft init`

You can initialise an empty application, or download an existing one by using `kraft init`.

> You can choose to create a compatible Makefile for the application by using the `-M, --with-makefile` option.

Reviewer: This doesn't seem to work:

```console
razvan@yggdrasil:~/.../unikraft/test/zuzu$ kraft init -M -t helloworld-cpp my-helloworld-cpp
 100.00% :::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: |       19 /       19 |:  app/helloworld-cpp@0.11.0                                                                                 
[WARNING ] Could not find manifest: app/helloworld-cpp
 100.00% :::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: |      166 /      166 |:  lib/musl@0.11.0                                                                                           
[INFO    ] Initialized new unikraft application: /home/razvan/projects/unikraft/test/zuzu/my-helloworld-cpp
razvan@yggdrasil:~/.../unikraft/test/zuzu$ cd my-helloworld-cpp/
razvan@yggdrasil:~/.../test/zuzu/my-helloworld-cpp$ ls
helloworld.cpp  kraft.yaml  Makefile.uk  README.md
```

Also, not sure why the manifest file for `app-helloworld-cpp` is not available.

Author: Indeed this does not work, I'll just remove the `-M` option.

If you want to use an existing application listed in `kraft list`, you can use the `-t, --template` option.

```console
$ kraft init -M -t helloworld my-helloworld-app
[...]
[INFO    ] Initialized new unikraft application: /home/stefan/projects/unikraft/my-helloworld-app-init
```

> A new directory named `my-helloworld-app` will be created inside you working directory, and will contain the following file structure:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A new directory named `my-helloworld-app/` will be created inside you working directory, and will contain the following file structure:
```

```text
.
|-- CODING_STYLE.md
|-- Config.uk
|-- CONTRIBUTING.md
|-- COPYING.md
|-- kraft.yaml
|-- main.c
|-- MAINTAINERS.md
|-- Makefile
|-- Makefile.uk
|-- monkey.h
`-- README.md
```

You can use the generated `Makefile` to invoke the Unikraft build system.

```console
$ cat Makefile
UK_ROOT ?= $(PWD)/../../unikraft
UK_LIBS ?= $(PWD)/../../libs
LIBS :=

all:
	@$(MAKE) -C $(UK_ROOT) A=$(PWD) L=$(LIBS)

$(MAKECMDGOALS):
	@$(MAKE) -C $(UK_ROOT) A=$(PWD) L=$(LIBS) $(MAKECMDGOALS)

```

> You can build your application on top of this basic file structure, by adding source files and modifying the `Makefile.uk` and `Config.uk` files, as presented in the [advanced usage docs](https://unikraft.org/docs/usage/advanced/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can build your application on top of this basic file structure, withouth `kraft`.
You do that by adding source files and modifying the `Makefile.uk` and `Config.uk` files.
See more on that in the [`Make-based System` page](docs/usage/advanced/make).
```

### Overview of the `kraft init` Command

> You can get a full list of features by running `kraft init -h` or `kraft init --help`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can get a full list of features by running `kraft init -h` or `kraft init --help`:
```

```text
Usage: kraft init [OPTIONS] [NAME]

  Initializes a new unikraft application.

  Start here if this is your first time using (uni)kraft.

Options:
  -t, --template NAME  Use an existing application as a template.
  -p, --plat PLAT      Target platform.
  -m, --arch ARCH      Target architecture.
  -w, --workdir PATH   Specify an alternative directory for the application
		       [default is cwd].
  -M, --with-makefile  Create a Unikraft compatible Makefile.
  -D, --no-deps        Do not download additional dependencies for application
		       components.
  -d, --dump           Dump dependencies into project directory.
  -F, --force          Overwrite any existing files.
  -h, --help           Show this message and exit.
```

## `kraft configure`

> You can configure the application by using `kraft configure`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure the application by using `kraft configure`, while inside the application directory.
```

> The configuration will be saved inside the `.config` file.

Reviewer: Add some explanation here that `kraft configure` processes the application `kraft.yaml` file and `Config.uk` files in libraries and, based on encountered configuration options, generates the `.config` file.
Point to a documentation link where the `.config` file is explained, as a list of key-value items.
If no documentation, point to a place where the documentation should reside.

> When no option is specified, you will be prompted with a list from where you can choose your desired configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When no option is specified, and while inside the application directory, you will be prompted with a list from where you can choose your desired configuration.
```

Use the arrows to navigate through the list:

```console
$ kraft configure
[?] Which target would you like to configure?: helloworld_linuxu-x86_64
> helloworld_linuxu-x86_64
  helloworld_kvm-x86_64
  helloworld_xen-x86_64
  helloworld_linuxu-arm64
  helloworld_kvm-arm64
  helloworld_linuxu-arm
```

> You can specify the platform and architecture by using the `-p, --plat` and `-m, --arch` options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can avoid the interactive prompt by specifying the platform and architecture with the `-p, --plat` and `-m, --arch` options:
```

```console
$ kraft configure -p kvm -m x86_64
[...]
#
# configuration written to /media/stefan/projects/unikraft/my-helloworld-app/.config
#
make: Leaving directory '/home/stefan/.unikraft/unikraft'
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The comamnd above configured the application for the `kvm` configuration and `x86_64` architecture.
The configuraion is saved in the `.config` file:

""" # replace with triple backticks (I'm not doing it because of messy suggestion mode)
$ grep '^[^#].*\(PLAT\|ARCH\)' .config
CONFIG_UK_ARCH="x86_64"
CONFIG_ARCH_X86_64=y
CONFIG_MARCH_X86_64_GENERIC=y
CONFIG_PLAT_KVM=y
"""

```

> You can enable, disable and set a value for an option by using `-y, --yes`, `-n, --no`, `-s, --set`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can enable, disable and set a value for an Unikraft configuration option by using `-y, --yes`, `-n, --no`, `-s, --set`:
```

```console
$ kraft configure -p kvm -m x86_64 -n LIBUKMMAP -s HZ=100
[...]
$ kraft configure -p kvm -m x86_64 -y LIBUKMMAP -s HZ=300
/media/stefan/projects/unikraft/my-helloworld-app is already configured, would you like to overwrite configuration? [y/N]: y
make: Entering directory '/home/stefan/.unikraft/unikraft'
#
# configuration written to /media/stefan/projects/unikraft/my-helloworld-app/.config
#
make: Leaving directory '/home/stefan/.unikraft/unikraft'

$ diff .config .config.old
78c78
< CONFIG_HZ=300
---
> CONFIG_HZ=100
137c137
< CONFIG_LIBUKMMAP=y
---
> # CONFIG_LIBUKMMAP is not set
```

> 

Reviewer: Add a short explanation for the output above.

You can use a specific directory of your target application (instead of the default current working directory) by using the `-w, --workdir` option:

```console
$ kraft configure -p kvm -m x86_64 -w /home/stefan/projects/unikraft/hello/
make: Entering directory '/home/stefan/.unikraft/unikraft'
[...]
#
# configuration written to /home/stefan/projects/unikraft/hello/.config
#
make: Leaving directory '/home/stefan/.unikraft/unikraft'
```

> You can force the overwriting of the existing configuration by using `-F, --force`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you run `kraft configure` on a previously configured application (i.e. the `.config` file exists), you will be prompted with a configurmation message to overwrite the previous configuration.
You can force the overwriting of the existing configuration by using `-F, --force`.
```

```text
Usage: kraft configure [OPTIONS]

  Configure the unikernel using the KConfig options set in the kraft.yaml
  file.  Alternatively, you can use the -k|--menuconfig flag to open the TUI
  to manually select the configuration for this unikernel.

  When the unikernel is configured, a .config file is written to the working
  directory with the selected KConfig options.

Options:
  -p, --plat PLAT         Target platform.
  -t, --target TARGET     Target name.
  -m, --arch ARCH         Target architecture.
  -F, --force             Force writing new configuration.
  -k, --menuconfig        Use Unikraft's ncurses Kconfig editor.
  -w, --workdir PATH      Specify an alternative directory for the application
			  [default is cwd].
  -y, --yes KOPTION       Specify an option to enable.
  -n, --no KOPTION        Specify an option to disable.
  -s, --set KOPTION       Set an option's value.
  -u, --use-version COMP  Use the specified version for the component, e.g.
			  -u unikraft@staging (will override kraft.yaml).
  -h, --help              Show this message and exit.
```

## `kraft build`

You can build your application by using `kraft build`.

> You can use the `--fetch / --no-fetch` and `--prepare / --no-prepare` flags to run the fetch and prepare steps before building.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the `--no-fetch` and `--no-prepare` flags to disable the fetch and prepare steps before building.
```

> You can use the `-j, --fast` flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the `-j, --fast` option.
```

> You can use the `-j, --fast` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To shorten the build time, you can use the `-j, --fast` option.
```

> This will pass the `-j` flag to `make`, resulting in running multiple jobs that can run simultaneously.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will pass the `-j` option to `make`, followed by the number of jobs that can run simultaneously.
Typically, the number of CPUS cores is passed (i.e. the output of the `nproc` command).
```

Reviewer: Without `$(nproc)` it would create too many jobs, and it often blocks the system during the build.

Author: I know, but are you sure this works with `kraft`? I tried it and and `kraft run -j x` seems to disregard the `x` and just run as many jobs as it can.
It seems to just pass the `-j` flag to `make` in the source code too: `-j` sets the `n_proc` to -1 [here](https://github.com/unikraft/kraft/blob/staging/kraft/cmd/build.py#L64) and then `-j` is appended to the `make` command [here](https://github.com/unikraft/kraft/blob/c648d2ea1d360685502b94727bd113a13b0f82ee/kraft/app/app.py#L223) with no other arguments.

Reviewer: Oh, I see. Gotcha. Leave it like that, then.

If you want to force the overwrite of the existing build, use `-F, --force`.

```console

> $ kraft build --no-fetch --no-prepare -F -j

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ kraft build --no-fetch --no-prepare -F -j $(nproc)
```

Author: see the comment above

Reviewer: What comment?

Author: [This one](https://github.com/unikraft/docs/pull/45#discussion_r1060009409).

CC      libukdebug: hexdump.o
LD      libukdebug.ld.o
OBJCOPY libukdebug.o
[...]
Successfully built unikernels:

  => build/hello_kvm-x86_64
  => build/hello_kvm-x86_64.dbg (with symbols)

To instantiate, use: kraft run
```

### Overview of `kraft build` command

You can get a full list of features by running `kraft build -h` or `kraft build --help`:

```text
Usage: kraft build [OPTIONS] [TARGET]

  Builds the Unikraft application for the target architecture and platform.

Options:
  -v, --verbose               Verbose build
  --fetch / --no-fetch        Run fetch step before build.
  --prepare / --no-prepare    Run prepare step before build.
  --progress / --no-progress  Show progress of build.
  -j, --fast                  Use all CPU cores to build the application.
  -F, --force                 Force the build of the unikernel.
  -h, --help                  Show this message and exit.

```

## `kraft run`

> You can run your application using `kraft run`.

Reviewer: Add a full run of `kraft run`, including output.

> You can specify the target architecture and platform using `-m, --arch` and `-p, --plat`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case of multiple existing builds (for different platforms and architectures), you will be prompted for the image to run, similarly to [`kraft configure`](#...):

"""
.... # sample prompt
"""

To run the specific image non-interactively, use the `-m, --arch` and `-p, --plat` options to specify the architecture and the platform:
```

```console
$ kraft run -m x86_64 -p kvm
```

### Attach a Filesystem to the Application

Your application might need a filesystem to function.

> You can attach different types of filesystems to an application by enabling specific configuration options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can attach different types of filesystems to an application by enabling specific configuration options and by passing the required options to the `kraft run` command.
```

#### Use an initrd Filesystem

You can add an initrd (_initial ramdisk_) filesystem to the application, by using the `-i, --initrd` option:

```console
$ kraft run -m x86_64 -p kvm -i archive.cpio
```

#### Use a `9pfs` Filesystem

You can also attach a `9pfs` filesystem to your application.
In order to do that, you need to make sure you have set the following options in the application configuration:

```text

> - CONFIG_LIBVFSCORE_ROOTFS_9PFS=y
> - CONFIG_LIBVFSCORE_ROOTDEV="fs0"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CONFIG_LIBVFSCORE_ROOTFS_9PFS=y
CONFIG_LIBVFSCORE_ROOTDEV="fs0"
```

  to manually select the configuration for this unikernel.

  When the unikernel is configured, a .config file is written to the working
  directory with the selected KConfig options.

Options:
  -p, --plat PLAT         Target platform.
  -t, --target TARGET     Target name.
  -m, --arch ARCH         Target architecture.
  -F, --force             Force writing new configuration.
  -k, --menuconfig        Use Unikraft's ncurses Kconfig editor.
  -w, --workdir PATH      Specify an alternative directory for the application
			  [default is cwd].
  -y, --yes KOPTION       Specify an option to enable.
  -n, --no KOPTION        Specify an option to disable.
  -s, --set KOPTION       Set an option's value.
  -u, --use-version COMP  Use the specified version for the component, e.g.
			  -u unikraft@staging (will override kraft.yaml).
  -h, --help              Show this message and exit.
```

## `kraft build`

You can build your application by using `kraft build`.
You can use the `--fetch / --no-fetch` and `--prepare / --no-prepare` flags to run the fetch and prepare steps before building.
You can use the `-j, --fast` flags.

> This will pass the `-j` flag to `make`, resulting in running multiple jobs that can run simultaneously.

Author: This does not seem to work with `kraft`, the `-j` flag does not read any other argument and it only passes the `-j` flag to the `make` command.
`kraft build -j 1` has the same number of jobs opened as `kraft build -j8`.

If you want to force the overwrite of the existing build, use `-F, --force`.

```console

> $ kraft build --no-fetch --no-prepare -F -j

Author: see the comment above

```console
$ kraft run -m x86_64 -p kvm
```

### Attach a Filesystem to the Application

Your application might need a filesystem to function.
You can attach different types of filesystems to an application by enabling some configuration options.

#### Use an initrd Filesystem

You can add an initrd (_initial ramdisk_) filesystem to the application, by using the `-i, --initrd` flags.

```console
$ kraft run -m x86_64 -p kvm -i archive.cpio
```

#### Use a `9pfs` Filesystem

You can also attach a `9pfs` filesystem to your application.
In order to do that, you need to make sure you have set the following options in the application configuration:

```text
- CONFIG_LIBVFSCORE_ROOTFS_9PFS=y
- CONFIG_LIBVFSCORE_ROOTDEV="fs0"
```

You can check the `kraft.yaml` file from the [Python 3 app](https://github.com/unikraft/app-python3/blob/staging/kraft.yaml#L5) to get a better idea of the required configuration.
By default, the `kraft` application uses the name `fs0` for the device to mount the filesystem from.
To use your application with `kraft`, you must name the shared filesystem "fs0".

```console
$ mkdir fs0

> $ echo 'Hello world!' > fs0/file.txt

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ echo 'Salut mundi!' > fs0/file.txt
```

$ kraft run
[...]

SeaBIOS (version 1.13.0-1ubuntu1.1)
Booting from ROM...
Powered by
o.   .o       _ _               __ _
Oo   Oo  ___ (_) | __ __  __ _ ' _) :_
oO   oO ' _ `| | |/ /  _)' _` | |_|  _)
oOo oOO| | | | |   (| | | (_) |  _) :_
 OoOoO ._, ._:_:_,\_._,  .__,_:_, \___)
                     Mimas 0.7.0~1939bce

> Hello world!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Salut mundi!
```

```

### Use `kraft run` to Debug Your Application

If you want to debug the application, you can launch it in a paused state by using the `-P, --paused` flags.

> You can run a `GDB` server for the guest on a specific port using the `-g, --gdb PORT` flags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can run a `GDB` server for the guest on a specific port using the `-g, --gdb PORT` flag:
```

```console
$ kraft run -P -g 1234
```

To connect the `GDB` to the created server, you can run

```console
$ gdb --eval-command="target remote :1234" build/application-image.dbg
[...]
Reading symbols from build/application-image.dbg
Remote debugging using :1234
```

You can set the debug information level from the `Build options --> Debug information level` screen in `kraft menuconfig`.

> For more informations about debugging with Unikraft, please check the [debugging section](docs/develop/debugging).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about debugging with Unikraft, check the [debugging section](docs/develop/debugging).
```

  -t, --target TARGET        Name of target architecture/platform.
  -p, --plat PLAT            Target platform.
  -m, --arch ARCH            Target architecture.
  -i, --initrd PATH          Provide an init ramdisk.
  -B, --background           Run in background.
  -P, --paused               Run the application in paused state.
  -g, --gdb PORT             Run a GDB server for the guest at PORT.
  -d, --dbg                  Use unstriped unikernel
  -n, --virtio-nic NAME      Attach a NAT-ed virtio-NIC to the guest.
  -b, --bridge NAME          Attach a NAT-ed virtio-NIC an existing bridge.
  -V, --interface NAME       Assign host device interface directly as virtio-
			     NIC to the guest.
  -D, --dry-run              Perform a dry run.
  -M, --memory INTEGER       Assign MB memory to the guest.
  -s, --cpu-sockets INTEGER  Number of guest CPU sockets.
  -c, --cpu-cores INTEGER    Number of guest cores per socket.
  -w, --workdir PATH         Specify an alternative directory for the library
			     (default is cwd).
  -h, --help                 Show this message and exit.
```

## `kraft clean`

You can clean the build artifacts of your application by using `kraft clean`.

> You can remove the entire build directory by using the `-p, --proper` flags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can remove the entire build directory by using the `-p, --proper` flag.
```

> You can also remove the configuration files by using the `-d, --dist` flags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also remove the configuration files by using the `-d, --dist` flag.
```

### Overview of `kraft clean` command

> You can get a full list of features by running `kraft clean -h` or `kraft clean --help`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can get a full list of features by running `kraft clean -h` or `kraft clean --help`:
```

```text
Usage: kraft clean [OPTIONS] [LIBS]...

  Clean the build artifacts of a Unikraft unikernel application.

Options:
  -w, --workdir PATH          Specify an alternative working directory for the
			      application
  -p, --proper                Delete the build directory.
  -d, --dist                  Delete the build directory and configuration
			      files.
  --progress / --no-progress  Show progress of build.
  -h, --help                  Show this message and exit.
```

## `kraft lib`

If you are maintaining and working directly with Unikraft libraries, you can use `kraft lib`.

### `kraft lib init`

You can initialize a new Unikraft library by using `kraft lib init`.

> You can add the author and version information using `-a, --author-name`, `-e, --author-email` and `-v, --version`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add the author and version information using the `-a, --author-name`, `-e, --author-email` and `-v, --version` flags.
```

> When you run the command, you will be able to interactively set all the options for the new library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you run the command, you will be able to interactively set all the options for the new library:
```

initial_branch [staging]:
copyright_holder []:
[INFO    ] Generating files...
[INFO    ] Generated new library: /home/stefan/projects/unikraft/lib-name
```

#### Overview of the `kraft lib init` Command

```text
Usage: kraft lib init [OPTIONS] [NAME]

  Initialize a new Unikraft library.

Options:
  -a, --author-name NAME       The author's name for library.
  -e, --author-email EMAIL     The author's email for library.
  -v, --version VERSION        Set the known version of the library.
  -s, --origin TEXT            Source code origin URL.  Use $VERSION in the
			       URL for automatic versioning.
  -m, --with-main              Provide a main function override.
  -w, --workdir PATH           Specify an alternative directory for the
			       library (default is cwd).
  -F, --force                  Overwrite any existing files.
  -q, --no-prompt              Do not prompt for additional data.
  -S, --soft-pack              Softly pack the component so that it is
			       available via kraft list.
  -b, --initial-branch BRANCH  The initial Git branch of the new library.
  -h, --help                   Show this message and exit.

 ```

### `kraft lib add` and `kraft lib remove`

> You can add and remove libraries from your project by using `kraft list add` and `kraft list remove`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add and remove libraries from your project by using `kraft lib add` and `lib list remove`:
```

```console

> $ kraft list add pthread-embedded

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ kraft lib add pthread-embedded
```

[INFO    ] Adding lib/pthread-embedded@0.7.0...

> $ kraft list remove pthread-embedded

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ kraft lib remove pthread-embedded
```

[INFO    ] Removing lib/pthread-embedded...
```

#### Overview of the `kraft lib add` and `kraft lib remove` Commands

> You can get a full list of features by running `kraft lib add -h` or `kraft lib remove -h`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can get a full list of features by running `kraft lib add -h` or `kraft lib remove -h`:
```
